Team Member: Ross Shellow, Jared Castro, Ryan Cho

In this assignment, we designed a website called mbta_helper. We made it possible for users to enter the name of a place to determine the nearest stop and whether it is wheelchair accessible. Using several functions (get_nearest_station, get_lat_long, get_near_stop), the app enforces finding the nearest stop and wheelchair accessibility within a certain radius for the place name.We were able to extract this information using the MBTA API and the api key for Mapquest. We were able to extract latitude and longitude coordinates from Mapquest using the API. Found all stops and wheelchair accessible points listed in MBTA api. And we used HTML to display the information we were coding in the MBTA_Helper app on our website and CSS to make it look more visually appealing. It was a project that showed how efficiently you can extract and list data using Python and html. We thought it would be very helpful if we could master this technique.

From a processing point of view, we tackled the assignment in the right manner by working on the python MBTA code first and then moved on to the flask section. We started with the simpler things first and then progressed to the more difficult items later. Another good aspect from our assignment was that it was modularized. We had the functions pulled from our APIs which were separate from the server code. As far as self studying, we read through the entire Flask documentation in order to understand how things worked. Moving forwards, we could have given ourselves more time to have a more pure product. Although we were not pressed for time, we could have benefited by giving ourselves a little more time to have an even better product.

We planned on tackling this assignment by meeting up on a couple of separate occasions to crank out the work. We communicated well with each other. During these sessions, we worked on our code simultaneously and helped each other out by bouncing problems and solutions off each other's heads. We all worked on the Python code and the website, and Jared tried to make the website nicer with CSS. We do not think our approach to the assignment would have changed at all. The only thing we would tweak going forward was giving ourselves a little bit of a head start. We could have understood flask and the assignment a bit better and would have given ourselves a little more time to perfect our work so we would have an even better final product than what we had. 